In this video we will be downloading
Unity Hub, Unity 2018 or later, and
Visual Studio.
If you already have those
things downloaded and
ready to go then you can jump to the next
video, otherwise let's get started.
Okay the very first step in the process
is to open up your web browser and
search for get unity.
So I'll take you to a list of things where
Unity download should be at the very top
or somewhere around the top,
have a look for it.
Now on the download Unity page we can
click on the big green button that says,
choose your Unity and download.
That'll allow you to go and do things,
what I'll call the old way, cuz recently
we now have the option of downloading
Unity Hub which is what we're going to do.
If you land on this page and things have
changed cuz Unity's always changing and
upgrading and iterating.
No problem, just follow the approach
of finding the Unity that you want to
download, and if the Hub is available,
click on download Unity Hub.
I expect it's gonna be around for
a long time, because it is awesome.
It allows us to manage
all of our downloads,
in all of our different versions.
So that's gonna download, it might take
you a little bit longer than me, but for
me it's gonna be about a I don't know,
I think a 20 second download.
Once that downloads,
we can get into the next step.
So click on that to open it up.
It'll ask you if you wanna do this, yep.
And this is on PC as you can see.
Ben's gonna take you through some of the
PC Mac differences in a couple of videos
time, but everything's pretty similar.
If you're a Mac user, you're gonna know
how to respond when the dialog pops up,
and here we need to scroll through,
read it very closely and in close detail.
When you get to the end, click I agree.
You can see I didn't quite read it, I was
being a little bit facetious on that one.
But I'm sure it said lots of good stuff
and it wasn't asking me to give them my
kidneys or my first born or any of those
kind of scary things, all safe and good.
Okay, so it's doing a little bit
of behind the scenes thinking,
now we've installed Unity Hub and
this thing is delightful.
If you've used Unity before and
you haven't used Unity Hub, then it's
not gonna be too much of a stretch,
basically it's allowing us to manage
multiple versions of Unity in one place.
Why would you do that?
Well sometimes you've created
a project and say Unity 2017, and
you're worried there's compatibilities
in Unity 2018 or vice versa, so
it allows us to manage that.
See I have no versions
available at the moment.
I click on,
if you do have something installed already
you can click on locate a version.
If this is your first ever installation
of Unity click on download, and
then it's gonna ask for
some options in here and here.
Your list should have at
the very least 2018.1.
If you're looking at this in the future
it might be 2019, it might be 2020.
Not a problem,
we recommend getting the most recent
version of Unity that's stable.
And you can tell that's the stable if
you can see here Official Releases,
the only thing on here
are Official Releases.
It's only gonna show you the good stuff.
If you click on the beta releases,
then it will show you something that's
a little bit more experimental.
Normally they're pretty stable by the time
they get here, but we often find bugs so
we tend not to use the beta version and
we wait until it becomes official release.
So, for me you can see the latest
option I have is 2018.1.0f2.
Yours might be 2018.2 or
2018.3, not a problem.
Click to download the most recent stable
version, and then we have the option of
the components we wish to install,
obviously we need the editor,
the documentation, yes, standard assets,
absolutely, example project,
that's up to you, you don't have to
download that, you could turn that off to
save a little bit of the download,
I'm just gonna leave it on for now.
And then development tools, very super
massively important that yes you
have Microsoft Visual Studio Community
2017 or 18 or whatever it is for
you when you're going
through this process.
Yes you need to download that,
because that's the environment
we're gonna be using.
Okay platforms, that's up to you.
You can come back and manage this again in
the future, you can surf through to this,
you don't have to get this for now.
The one thing we will get
is WebGL Build Support,
that allows us to build to websites.
We might do a little bit of that in
the early sections of this course.
So that's it for
the selecting your components.
Click done, and then it is going
to ask if we want to make changes?
Yes, and then we need to sit back, and
relax, and enjoy the ride as it does
all of the downloading and
installing in this mechanism.
So that's mostly it for this video,
I'm gonna give you your challenge which
is downloading Unity Hub and Unity.
Start off my downloading Hub.
Download the latest Unity release, and as
I mentioned, if you have any problems at
all, then have a look at the version
we're using, at the moment it's 2018.1.
And as we go through the course,
as the sections become stable, we'll be
updating to the stable versions of Unity,
so as the versions become stable.
And if Unity is downloading quickly for
you, and you have Unity downloaded pretty
soon, then continue to the very next video
which is called Your First Code, and
jump straight in,
cuz we'll be using Unity in that video.
If it's taking a while, or
you've got a slow internet, then, and
it's not downloaded,
then you can jump forward two videos, so
skip the next two videos and we have a
video that's titled Community and Support,
where we talk about how to get the most
out of this course, how to lean on our
community and how to use all the tools and
support that we provide to you.
And then when you finish
watching that video,
hopefully Unity will have been
downloaded and installed, and
then you can come back and
jump into the Your First Code Video.
So that's a simple flow, whatever the case
please do jump straight away into the next
video and keep moving forward and
I will see you very soon.